as the last video of the day let's
consider adding a method called get that
is going to return the item from the
list we're gonna say the front item is
the 0th item and for simplicity to keep
your code simple it's okay to assume
that whatever someone asks for actually
exists so in other words if they ask for
item a million and the list only has
five things that's fine just it's okay
if your code crashes so as an example
let's suppose this is our list right
here if we ask for L get 0 we should get
back 5 or if you're asked for L dot get
1 we should get back down ok so what I'd
like you to do is really sit down and
think about this and don't just give to
the answer the best way I think they
work on this is on paper though if you
want you can also do it by looking in
the lecture code repo and grabbing the
file called int list at Java and the
lists 1 slash exercises folder and if
you really insist you can do it in your
head but yeah that's not okay so give it
a shot
you can use recursion or iteration but
spoiler I'm going to use recursion in my
solution so pause the video and then
I'll tell you what I did ok so let's do
it
we need a get method something called
public can't get and I and it's gonna
return the ice item of this list now we
even say it's an endless okay so I
wouldn't do recursively which means I
need a base case what should the base
case be now even if you haven't figured
it out yet maybe think about that
question so it turns out that the most
natural base case has nothing to do with
the tail or the rest I mean or the first
instead it's if someone asked me for my
zeroth item I could just return what
well I should just return the first item
right I just give the data that's what's
at the frontal list you asked me for 0 I
returned first now someone has a larger
I of is a 1 or 2 or 3 then I don't have
the value someone else does and it's
important to keep in mind that what's my
first what's my value 1 is my neighbor
or my rests value 0 or what's my 5th
value is my neighbor's fourth neighbor's
third neighbor second movers first
neighbor 0th all the way down the line
if that made some sense so in other
words I need to ask the rest of the list
for something rest dot sighs they're not
saying that right I need to ask rest for
something why should I ask for well I
should ask not for their eyesight up but
their eye - one thing now if we try
running this we can just test it out
real quick let's say we try running it
with zero I should get back five indeed
I do
about two I get back fifteen okay one
one I get back 10 and 100 I get some
crash so let's say it worked fine so if
that didn't make total sense what I
encourage you to do is put this through
the Java visualizer I'm not going to do
it here because it's actually quite
similar to size and I think it's
probably a good exercise for you to jump
in and try it out but if you got it
great and if you did iteratively also
great so that's it as far as what I'm
gonna develop in class so at this point
you probably have the feeling that well
wall at the beginning we were just kind
of lackadaisically thinking about our
lives and walruses and whatever else at
some point we took off like a rocket and
developed this list thing at Lightspeed
and maybe just maybe it feels a little
shaky so what I'm gonna encourage you to
do is maybe try a couple more exercises
so if you'd like there's these extra
ungraded exercises called extra int list
practice I'll even say Java in the lists
one slash exercises folder and the
lecture code github directory so if we
look at if you go into this repository
and you open this file you'll see there
are two methods waiting to be filled in
by you anchor list what it does is it
takes a list and it increments all the
values by the x value here and as a
constraint whenever it's done nothing in
the list the originally created should
change instead there should be a totally
new list returned by this method where
it has its own copies of everything down
here you'll read another version this
this method called tinker list this one
you should not use the keyword new and
instead should do all the work in place
okay so once you jump into this you'll
see it's a little challenging to think
about what exactly
how you're gonna approach this and what
these two things mean so give it a shot
and feel free to post on Piazza or talk
to your friends and work this out it's
not for a grade and try and figure out a
solution so that's it for today
so even though right now it may seem a
little intimidating that we're flying
through lists we're gonna spend a lot of
time on these and get really fluent with
them and become super magical list
creator people what's the greatest and
most rousing clothes but hey we got what
37 more to go so I'll take